Updated deployment documentation (#6428)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: docs/deployment.md

- [Build](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training/actions/workflows/build.yml): This is the main CI pipeline which will automatically trigger a build from a commit to the `main` branch, this pipeline is also run on the merged PR head commit when a pull request is raised targetting `main`. If run from `main` branch this also triggers the deployment pipeline after all tests have succeeded.

- [Deploy](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training/actions/workflows/deploy.yml): This is the main release pipeline that is used to deploy to all environments. 

>     - Pull Requests that have the `deploy` label applied will trigger the deployment of a short lived Review App to its own self contained environment.  This provides an opportunity to manually review the changes prior to merging them to `main`, once the PR has been merged the Review App and its environment will be deleted.  

Reviewer: What's "short-lived"? Does it delete itself?

Author: Yes, there's a workflow that runs when the PR is merged that deletes the Review App.  The last sentence is trying to explain that, does it need rewording?

>     - Pull Requests that have the `deploy` label applied will trigger the deployment of a short lived Review App to it's own self contained environment.  This provides an opportunity to manually review the changes prior to merging them to `main`, once the PR has been merged the Review App and it's environment will be deleted.  

Reviewer 2: Isn't is _its own self contained_ and _its environment will be_ ?

Author: fixed

    - Continuous Deployment is enabled so a successful build on `main` triggers deployments to all environments including `production`.  
    - Deployments can be triggered manually and the target environments can be chosen prior to deployment, see the [Manual Deployment guide](manual-deployment.md) for instructions.

The [Apply Ops Dashboard](https://apply-ops-dashboard.azurewebsites.net) provides an overview of what is currently deployed in each environment.

> You also have to make sure that you're deploying only work that is safe to deploy, it should be either behind a feature flag or product reviewed.

Reviewer 3: Slight copy-edit.

```suggestion
You also have to make sure that you’re only merging changes that are safe to deploy. Changes that are not yet ready for production should be behind a feature flag.
```

- [Build](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training/actions/workflows/build.yml): This is the main CI pipeline which will automatically trigger a build from a commit to the `main` branch, this pipeline is also run on the merged PR head commit when a pull request is raised targetting `main`. If run from `main` branch this also triggers the deployment pipeline after all tests have succeeded.

> - [Deploy](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training/actions/workflows/deploy.yml): This is the main release pipeline that is used to deploy to all environments. Continuous Deployment is enabled so a successful build on `main` triggers deployments to all environments including `production`.  Deployments can be triggered manually and the target environments can be chosen prior to deployment, see the [Manual Deployment guide](manual-deployment.md) for instructions.

Reviewer 2: Can we mention the review apps? They are essential for CD

Author: I've added an explanation of that process
